# Russian (Русский)

Let's first we give you the wikipedia copied introduction for the Russian language. Russian is an East Slavic language native to the Russians in Eastern Europe. It is an official language in Russia, Belarus, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, and is used widely throughout the Caucasus, Central Asia, and to some extent in the Baltic states. Russian belongs to the family of Indo-European languages, one of the four living members of the East Slavic languages alongside, and part of the larger Balto-Slavic branch. Russian is written using cyrillic script. There are different dialects of Russian, and also the maximum words in the Russian dictionary are different than English version of those words (which carry the same meaning). Native Russian speakers also have a very different tone and way of saying a particular sentence or a particular word in Russian language. In other words, I want to say that just the way English speakers don't often use the standard and formal English terms, in the same way Russian speakers often tend to use slang and informal words in their day-to-day conversations.

### Fear of failure to learning

_Do you have the fear of learning a new language? Do you have the fear of learning Russian? Are you afraid that you will end up not grasping the concepts?_. If you have questions like this wandering in your mind, then please remove these thoughts and questions from your mind, and then focus on what I say through these below points :

* __Russian is not a hard language__, none of the languages around the world are. As per time of regular usage, and practice, one can perfect any language around the world.

* And, one more point. __You don't need to be 100% perfect in Russian__. Just we should be able to understand Russian language in speech and writting, and that's enough. We don't need to understand all of the words, just the way English speakers also don't know the meaning of every word. We often look up the meaning of unique words either in dictionary or on google. In the same way, we have to do when we come through an unrecognizably new Russian word.

* Also, we don't need to be 100% perfect in the Russian grammar. Just the knowledge of forming sentences with proper tense, and nouns are enough. We don't need to grammatically 100% correct everytime. Even the Russian natives aren't though..LOL! Even we English guys aren't always grammatically correct, we often tend to slip through grammar rules. Like, while ordering the adjectives, and also when using perfect tense, and mostly __the spelling mistake__. Some of you might be wondering right now, that we never thought of this that "we have been doing grammatical mistakes from the beginning of the time.

### How to learn it properly

In this section, I will give a quick hacks about how to learn Russian way faster than you could normally. Follow the below written points :

* __First learn to do basic conversation__, yes you read it right, first learn to do the basic conversation in Russian language. Now, many of you will be cursing to me in your mind, saying that how we could even do a conversation in Russian without knowing the meaning of the words, or the grammar. My guys, stay there and think when you were born, have anyone thaught you grammar of your mother tongue first, or just they said the words and sentences directly to you expecting a reply. Right? We all learnt first to do conversation first, even with a way wrong grammar, but we still learnt it (our respective regional dialect). In the same way, first we will basic hii-hello, good morning - good evening, and thanking words, thus we can do atleast a little conversation with people in Russian.

* __Second learn basic grammar__, after learning basic words and regularly used sentences, we will continue to learn the Russian grammar to make ourselve more correct and fluent in Russian. See, there's one thing that we often don't a language to be able to talk to people, sometimes we learn a language to read and write formal stuff like letters, documentations, etc. Thus, we need to learn grammar for making our sentences sound more good and proper. There are only few topics in the Russian grammar that we need to understand properly nouns, adjectives, verbs, cases and tenses.

* __Dictation and vocabulary__, even after learning proper grammar, we need to learn how to pronounce different Russian words, and also understand the pronounciation of other people (dictation). Then, we also need to learn the meaning of many different Russian words in order to use the words in our regular conversations. Just like if I want to say that "_I am a teacher_" in Russian, first we need to learn what is the word _teacher_ called in Russian. For your information, it is called _учитель_ (transliteration : Uchitelh) in Russian. And, the sentence "_I am a teacher_" can be written as "_я учитель_" in Russian. So, always stick to a dictionary for learning new Russian words. We have made it easy for you guys the folder [__vocabulary__](vocabulary/) contains many Russian words and their respective English tranlsation. You can read them out once you finish with other lessons.
